Updated `storage.md` with information about ZFS (#1513)
jellyfin/jellyfin.org: docs/general/administration/storage.md

- Enable the lock service.
- Use NFSv4 which has built-in lock support.

## Docker and VMs

A database for a moderate-sized library can grow anywhere from 10 to 100 GB.

> The [transcoding](/docs/general/post-install/transcoding) folder needs roughly the same size as the original media when transcoded at the same bitrate. A single 50 GB Blu-Ray remux by itself can take up to ~60 GB or as little as ~15 GB, depending on chosen quality. If the transcoding folder is held on the same storage as the database, this must be taken into consideration.

Reviewer: A remux will be the same size as the source. You only have quality settings when you are transcoding.

- Enable the lock service.
- Use NFSv4 which has built-in lock support.

## Docker and VMs

A database for a moderate-sized library can grow anywhere from 10 to 100 GB.

> The [transcoding](/docs/general/post-install/transcoding) folder needs roughly the same size as the original media when transcoded at the same bitrate. A single 50 GB Blu-Ray remux by itself can take up to ~60 GB or as little as ~15 GB. If the transcoding folder is held on the same storage as the database, this must be taken into consideration to prevent running out of storage and thus corrupting your database.

Reviewer 2: Woah. Its new info to me that a full transcoding folder would cause db corruptions 😓 
```suggestion
The [transcoding](/docs/general/post-install/transcoding) folder typically requires about the same amount of space as the original media when transcoded at an equivalent bitrate. For example, a single 50 GB Blu-ray remux might consume as much as ~60 GB or as little as ~15 GB after transcoding. If the transcoding folder shares the same storage as the database, this should be accounted for to avoid any problems.
```

The [transcoding](/docs/general/post-install/transcoding) folder needs roughly the same size as the original media when transcoded at the same bitrate. A single 50 GB Blu-Ray remux by itself can take up to ~60 GB or as little as ~15 GB. If the transcoding folder is held on the same storage as the database, this must be taken into consideration to prevent running out of storage and thus corrupting your database.

> For storage, a moderate size library database can grow anywhere from 10 to 100 GB. The [transcoding](/docs/general/post-install/transcoding) folder needs roughly the same size as the original media if it's being transcoded at the same bitrate. A single 50GB Blu-Ray Remux by itself can take up to approximately 60GB or as little as 15GB, depending on the quality selected. If the transcoding folder is held on the same storage as the database, this must be taken into consideration.

Author: Because it's relative. How big is "moderate"? Why does it differ between 10GB and 100GB? It's a very poor guesstimate without any actual logic or examples cited. Happy to add it back in if someone has stats. Otherwise, it is like saying "people have between 5GB and 80GB of photographs of their grandmother on their phone".

> For storage, a moderate size library database can grow anywhere from 10 to 100 GB. The [transcoding](/docs/general/post-install/transcoding) folder needs roughly the same size as the original media if it's being transcoded at the same bitrate. A single 50GB Blu-Ray Remux by itself can take up to approximately 60GB or as little as 15GB, depending on the quality selected. If the transcoding folder is held on the same storage as the database, this must be taken into consideration.

Reviewer 3: thats a bit of the point. We cannot tell you. We usually tell people (and i think its also somewhere else in the docs) as a rule of thumb:
`(Number of users) x (Biggest File) * 1.2` 
As the size for the transcode folder.

> For storage, a moderate size library database can grow anywhere from 10 to 100 GB. The [transcoding](/docs/general/post-install/transcoding) folder needs roughly the same size as the original media if it's being transcoded at the same bitrate. A single 50GB Blu-Ray Remux by itself can take up to approximately 60GB or as little as 15GB, depending on the quality selected. If the transcoding folder is held on the same storage as the database, this must be taken into consideration.

Author: Ah, I thought you were remarking about the removal of `For storage, a moderate size library database can grow anywhere from 10 to 100 GB`.

> For storage, a moderate size library database can grow anywhere from 10 to 100 GB. The [transcoding](/docs/general/post-install/transcoding) folder needs roughly the same size as the original media if it's being transcoded at the same bitrate. A single 50GB Blu-Ray Remux by itself can take up to approximately 60GB or as little as 15GB, depending on the quality selected. If the transcoding folder is held on the same storage as the database, this must be taken into consideration.

Author: I think we both have our wires crossed. I'm somewhat distracted at this present moment; final radiotherapy session for in-law.

Please do feel free to make suggestions and I'll be happy to wave them through for the sake of getting the documentation update.

Ideally, you should use a record size of `4 K` or `8 K` on the dataset that contains your Jellyfin Server SQLite database. This is easily configured when running Jellyfin Server within a Docker container as you are able to easily change bind mounts and can set various datasets for each path as appropriate.

The record size for your media file dataset(s) must not be using `4 K` or `8 K`, otherwise you will likely encounter performance issues as your database scales.

For ZFS datasets containing large media files (i.e., not the dataset containing the Jellyfin Server SQLite database), a record size of `1 M` is likely appropriate for optimal performance.

N.b.: Changing the record size on an existing ZFS dataset will not change the existing data within it, meaning performance will not be any different for anything but newly-written changes into the dataset. As such, it is recommended to rewrite your data into the dataset to take advantage of the change in record size, otherwise the configuration change will not yield the expected change in performance.

> As ZFS snapshots can use a lot of storage over time without a sensible `destroy` schedule, there may be a temptation to keep your data on a mechanical drive instead of an SSD. Do NOT use ZFS-formatted mechanical drives to store your Jellyfin Server data (everything except your media files), or you will have terrible performance. SSD is absolutely necessary.

Reviewer: Why does the same section have info about both SSD vs HDD and snapshots?

Reviewer: At least split the don't use HDDs and snapshots take up a lot of space into 2 sections.
